That's it for today.
I'll fight another day
Ah!
Girl waiting for me
You wait
Not good, the direction the witch two are going
It is my Tianyuan access control place Han Chenyuan
Where is Han Chenyuan?
Han Chenyuan hides my secret recipe
If the two witches get it
The consequences are unimaginable
Hello young girl, you were born here to recuperate
Can't you see?
There must be a magic weapon hidden in the distribution of reiki here
Wait for me to take it
Add strength to my demon clan
Where did the devil come from? Xiao Xiaodang is rampant in the forbidden area
Hmph, what are you afraid of the enemy, I am Yinglong
Hum oh fried
Hmm oh you fried it
And don't you say it soon
Just in time for him to ask me about the little music note